Updated anatomy and teams guide (#25629)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/teams.md

- `🔳🏢 Company-owned iPads`: iPads purchased by the organization that enroll to Fleet automatically via Apple Business Manager. For example, conference-room iPads.
- `📱🔐 Personally-owned iPhones`: End users' personal iPhones, like those enrolled through a BYOD program, that have access to company resources.

If some of your hosts don't fit into the teams listed above, consider their purpose. This will help determine their risk and compliance requirements, which in turn define their security baseline and appropriate team in Fleet. If these hosts have distinct compliance needs and security baselines, it's advisable to create a new team in Fleet.

## Add hosts to a team

You can add hosts to a team in Fleet by either enrolling the host with a team's enroll secret or by transferring the host via Fleet UI after the host has been enrolled to Fleet.

### Enroll hosts with a team's enroll secret

> 1. In FleetUI, navigate to **Settings > Teams** and select the team you wish to add a host to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Fleet UI, navigate to **Settings > Teams** and select the team you wish to add a host to.
```

2. Select **Add hosts** and follow the on-screen instructions.

> > Quick tip: When viewing a specific team (from the Teams dropdown), Selecting **Add hosts** will display instructions to add new hosts directly to that team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Quick tip: When viewing a specific team (from the **Teams** dropdown), Selecting **Add hosts** will display instructions to add new hosts directly to that team.
```

### Transfer a host

> 1. In FleetUI, navigate to the **Hosts** page and select the host you wish to transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Fleet UI, navigate to the **Hosts** page and select the host you wish to transfer.
```
